
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="discussion_note">Discussion Note</h1>
<div class="level1">

</div>
<!-- EDIT1 SECTION "Discussion Note" [1-31] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit2" id="section7312013">7/31/2013</h2>
<div class="level2">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Start with the easy scenario in which we assume that the user has the data that contains all the necessary information to perform the analysis. In this case, we assume no segmentation and user-defined values such as Forced or Visual assessment will not be needed.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Importing one single .csv, .xls, or .mdb using Wizard control</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Only key columns will be added and if the file doesn&#039;t contain enough information, the system will ask the user to provide another file.</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Considering first &#039;Deer Package&#039;</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Allow exporting .pdf or some other file format that can be printable but excel format will be allowed for high level packages.</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> High level package will accept additional columns that enables other types of analysis</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Keep followings in mind.</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Sharing pictures and videos</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Different analysis type with different package (e.g. Pavement analysis with Deer and Bridge with Bear)</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Console management</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Sharing modeling curve (parameters) with other people in the group</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Front Page and Secured Page</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
<!-- EDIT2 SECTION "7/31/2013" [32-1097] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit3" id="section7292013">7/29/2013</h2>
<div class="level2">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> User choose the region in where he wants to perform preventative management analysis</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Then User provides data in any form such as .csv, .xls, .mdb, … Or the system generates the data (hard part)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> If the user provides the data, the system needs to recognize the file and give the user options.</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> This can be built with Wizard flow. For example, if the user uploaded .mdb file for the data. Then, system will recognize the tables in it and extract related tables and columns and show them to the user. The user will choose columns that indicating, for example, Highway Id or Condition Score from the UI. Based on user&#039;s provided information the system extracts the data and put them in the database for analysis ready.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Dr. Gharaibeh said first we inspect the data that user provides and estimate the effort or man hours to process them into our system. The estimated effort or price will be informed to the customer.</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> System generates the data by performing some kind of image processing on imaginary map such as google map. </div>
<ol>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Based on user&#039;s selected region, we need to extract road images from Google Earth without loosing geographical coordination information.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Do some image processing on the images. The input image will be a set of sections from original image. </div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Segmenting the cracks or seal coats and counting them and scoring the section.</div>
</li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<hr />

<p>
Go back to <a href="/wiki/doku.php?id=wiki:welcome" class="wikilink1" title="wiki:welcome">Front Page</a>
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT3 SECTION "7/29/2013" [1098-] -->